# Confetti_Cannon
Confetti Cannon EEL3003 final project.

For my arduino final project, I decided to create a celebratory confetti cannon to end the semester with a bang! This circuit involves three main machines: the aiming machine, the firing machine, and the speed setting machine. The first of this circuit’s functions is the aiming machine. This machine involves two main component types: a potentiometer and a servo motor. By utilizing the map function in the arduino code, this machine works by inputting the degree of rotation that the potentiometer is set to and mirroring that degree of rotation to the servo motor, thereby aiming the cannon. The second machine that makes up this circuit it’s firing machine. This machine controls when to blast the confetti out of the cannon, and it is made up of a piezo, a MOSFET, and a DC motor, in addition to other wires, diodes, and resistors. In this machine, the piezo acts as an input, sensing whether or not it has been tapped. Once the piezo has been tapped, it stops all other functions of the circuit, insuring that the speed and direction of the blast are locked in place. Then it runs the DC motor for five seconds, blowing all of the confetti out of the cannon before turning back off and allowing all other functions to resume. The final machine that makes up this circuit is the speed setting machine. The main components of this machine are LEDs and pushbuttons. It works by sensing which of three buttons has been pushed last before running the corresponding code accordingly. If the first button has been pushed, then the arduino turns on the red light and sets the motor speed to low. If the second button has been pushed, then the arduino turns on the yellow light and sets the motor speed to medium. If the third button has been pushed, then the arduino turns on the green light and sets the motor speed to high. While any one LED is lit, the arduino turns the other two LEDs off so that only the LED corresponding with the current DC motor speed setting is on.
